In this module,
I don't just have a new slide deck with new colors,
but more importantly, in this module,
we're going to dive into a new way of writing our node code.
You'll learn how to use Node.js with TypeScript
basically to write node Express code
as you learned throughout this module
with extra features provided by TypeScript.
Now, for that in the next lecture,
I'll first of all explain what exactly TypeScript is
and why you might want to use it.
I want to say right away that using it is 100% optional,
and you don't need to use it.
Otherwise this module would have come
way earlier in the course, of course.
What you'll learn in this course
is 100% correct and 100% relevant.
What you'll learn in this module, we'll just build up
on the knowledge you gain there
and show you a slightly different way of writing your code,
utilizing TypeScript, but as you will see
throughout this module, and also in the conclusion
at the end of the module, the code you write will
not really differ that much,
and you will use everything you learn in this course,
just with extra features added,
if you want to have a better development experience,
and to avoid unnecessary errors.